Do you think the squad is going to stay a squad forever?
a. Yes                    (Dionisi, Theo)
b. Probably not, life will most likely seperate us  (Adam)
c. Not really sure but I hope so   (Matthew, Nico)
d. Most likely unless some sort of catastrophy happens (Spiros)

How many kids do you want?
a. 0  (Adam)
b. 1
c. 2  (Nico, Dionisi, Theo, Spiros)
d. 3+ (Matthew)

Out of the following what is your favorite type of show?
a. Anime/cartoon (Adam, Nico)
b. Documentaries (Matthew)
c. Dramas (Like breaking bad) (Dionisi)
d. Comedies (Spiros, Theo)

Who is your favourite youtuber out of the following?
a. KSI (Matthew Spiros Adam Dionisi)
b. David Dobrick (Nico Theo)
c. Logan Paul 
d. Pewdiepie

Which is your sport to watch out of the following?
a. Hockey (Nico)
b. Combat Sports (Dionisi, Matthew, Adam)
c. Any sports during the olympics (Theo, Spiros)
d. What's a sport (Theo)

How would you describe your hair?
a. It's just hair who cares (Theo)
b. Sexy (Adam Matthew)
c. Easy breezy beatiful (Dionisi)
d. Pretty normal nothing special (Nico Spiros)

What is most important yo you right now?
a. Having fun because I'm young (Matthew Nico Adam)
b. Finding my purpose (Dionisi)
c. Learning about things that interest me (Theo Adam Spiros)
d. Nothing matters :(

What is your dream job?
a. Owning my own buisness (Adam Spiros)
b. Earning a passive income and relaxing (Theo Dionisi)
c. Doing some sort of creative work (Matthew Nico)
d. Being an athlete (Nico)

If you got 10 000$ and you had to spend it what would you spent it on?
a. A trip (Matthew Dionisi)
b. A new car (Theo Dionisi)
c. I'd buy a bunch of little things that add up to 10 000$ (Nico)
d. I'd go to the casino and make it 20 000$ (Adam Spiros)

Which Avenger character do you most relate to?
a. Spider man (Matthew)
b. Captain America (Nico)
c. Thor (Spiros Dionisi)
d. The Hulk (Adam Theo)

What is your incentive to workout?
a. To learn a new physical skill for a sport/activity (Dionisi)
b. To make your body stronger (Matthew Nico)
c. To look better (Adam Spiros)
d. The only workout I do is wanking (Theo)

What is your favorite type of game?
a. Strategy (Matthew)
b. Single Player (Adam Matthew)
c. Any game I can play with friends (Nico Spiros)
d. Any game that allows me to compete with other people (Adam Dionisi Theo Spiros)

Which of the following sounds like the perfect vacation?
a. A road trip (Theo)
b. An all inclusive resort (Adam Nico)
c. A camping/hiking trip in nature (Dionisi)
d. A backpacking trip (Matthew Spiros)




On a scale of 1-10 how smart would you consider yourself

8+ Matthew Adam
7+ Theo Dionisi Nico
6+ Spiros

How healthy are you currently on a scale from 1-10

8+ Nico
7+ Matthew Dionisi
6+ Spiros
6- Adam Theo

How attractive do you think you are on a scale of 1-10

7+ Adam Nico Dionisi Matthew Spiros
6+ Theo

On a scale of 1-10 how much do you think you got your shit together

8+ Matthew
7+ Spiros Dionisi Adam
6+ Theo Nico 

On a scale of 1-10 how happy are you

8+ Matthew Dionisi
6+ Adam Theo Nico Spiros
